1. What’s stdint.h?

stdint.h is a header file that was introduced in the C99 standard library that incorporates 
new fixed width integer types. 

2. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

These new types of integers are particularly important when working with embeded
systems and allow programmers to write more portable code and uses macros to define the 
minimum and maximum values these new integers can have.

3. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

BYTE: 8-bit unsigned value (octet)
DWORD: 32-bit unsigned integer
LONG: 32-bit signed integer
WORD: 16-bit unsigned integer


4. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers."

ASCII: "BM"
Hex: 424d

5. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

biSize is the size in bytes of the header file (BITMAPINFOHEADER) which is a fixed size. 
bfSize is the size of the whole bitmap file.

6. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

It means that the bitmap is a top-down DIB so it will have it's origin in the upper left corner.
First row of image will be the first row in the buffer.

7. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

biBitCount

8. Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?

If the file to read input from (line 24) doesn't exist or isn't found or if the program can't create 
an output file (line 32) to write to. 

9. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

So that we can know how many bytes have been transfered. Otherwise, this function returns the 
number of elements transfered. 

10. What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

The value of padding would be 3.

11. What does fseek do?

fseek sets the file indicator  to a file indicated by first argument.
The new position is measured by adding a number of bytes (2nd argument) to a position 
specified by 3rd argument.

12. What is SEEK_CUR?

If the 3rd argument specified when using the fseek function is set to SEEK_CUR, the number of 
bytes specified in the 2nd argument will be added to the current position indicator.